New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/internationalization.md

  }}
/>

## Configuration

> Before being usable in the Content Manager, the Internationalization feature must be configured from ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) *Settings*, and it should be enabled on your content types from the ![CTB icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Layout.svg) _Content-type Builder_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before being usable in the Content Manager, the Internationalization feature must be configured from <Icon name="gear-six" /> *Settings*, and it should be enabled on your content types from the <Icon name="layout" /> _Content-type Builder_.
```
